README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
#  Hi, I'm alhite!

###  Developer |  Creator |  Tech Enthusiast

</div>

---

##  About Me

-  Я сейчас работаю над интересными проектами
-  Я активно изучаю новые технологии
-  Я ищу возможности для сотрудничества в open source проектах
-  Спрашивайте меня о чем угодно, связанном с IT
-  Как со мной связаться: alhite.email@example.com
-  Интересный факт: Я обожаю кодить и создавать крутые вещи!

---

##  Tech Stack & Tools

<div align="center">

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

##  Connect With Me

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/alhite-profile)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/alhite_handle)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://alhite.com)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:alhite.email@example.com)

</div>

---

##  GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">
  
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=alhite&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" height="170"/>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alhite&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" height="170"/>

</div>

<div align="center">
  
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=alhite&theme=radical&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---

##  GitHub Trophies

<div align="center">
  
![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=alhite&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4&column=7)

</div>

---

##  Contribution Graph

<div align="center">

[![Activity Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=alhite&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

</div>

---

##  Featured Projects

<div align="center">

###  Project 1
Description: Amazing project doing amazing things

[View Repository →](https://github.com/alhite/project1)

---

###  Project 2
Description: Another cool project

[View Repository →](https://github.com/alhite/project2)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
  
![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=alhite&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

###  Show some  by starring some repositories!

</div>

Commit message:

Update 'About Me' section to English
Removed Russian text and added English descriptions about current projects and learning.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
#  Hi, I'm alhite!

###  Developer |  Creator |  Tech Enthusiast

</div>

---

##  About Me

-  I'm currently working on exciting projects
-  I'm currently learning new technologies in English 🇬🇧
---

##  Tech Stack & Tools

<div align="center">

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

##  Connect With Me

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/alhite-profile)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/alhite_handle)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=todoist&logoColor=white)](https://alhite.com)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:alhite.email@example.com)

</div>

---

##  GitHub Statistics

<div align="center">
  
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=alhite&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Stats" height="170"/>
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alhite&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" height="170"/>

</div>

<div align="center">
  
[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=alhite&theme=radical&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---

##  GitHub Trophies

<div align="center">
  
![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=alhite&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4&column=7)

</div>

---

##  Contribution Graph

<div align="center">

[![Activity Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=alhite&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)

</div>

---

##  Featured Projects

<div align="center">

###  Project 1
Description: Amazing project doing amazing things

[View Repository →](https://github.com/alhite/project1)

---

###  Project 2
Description: Another cool project

[View Repository →](https://github.com/alhite/project2)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
  
![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=alhite&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

###  Show some  by starring some repositories!

</div>
